We've used up all our options for player substitutions.
But right now, the setter's in the back row, and there are three attackers in front.
Give us a good serve, Hinata!
There are two attackers in back, one of which is Hinata's super-fast back row attack.
This rotation is perfect for attacking.
If they can only find a chance to...
With Nishinoya out and Sawamura in front, their ability to receive is also lacking.
Everything is riding on the blocks.
Got it!
Hayato!
I landed it.
Hinata, swap places with me!
Delayed timing attacks don't work against Four-eyes.
So we'll just have get through the center with sheer speed instead!
They're going for the center?!
Listen up, kiddo!
Read blocking takes persistence and endurance, but it's also...
the style of blocking where you get the last laugh.
I touched it!
You can score here!
There's no other...
...choice...
...but to...
...attack!
A minus tempo...
back row attack!
Go for it!
Jump for it, Taichi!
Shirabu!
Right!
A straight spike!
Ready, and... jump!
Hinata!
Kageyama, get the last hit!
Hinata, are you okay?
Yeah!
It's in!
Got it!
They returned it to a terrible spot.
There's no time to hesitate!
Ushijima!
Back him up!
This set isn't going up for me.
That's frustrating.
But...
it's also frustrating because I want to see him spike.
We're going to stop him!
This is their first three-person block today where they're trying to stop a straight spike...
Ready, and... jump!
Whenever we do three-person blocks, we always shut down the cross-court spike,
but for the very last one, let's get in front of a straight spike.
It'll be a trap we spend a set or more setting up.
Out of the dozens of three-person blocks we've done today,
we've always left a hole where a straight spike would go.
We can't mess up this timing.
We won't let him hit it over us.
Ushiwaka knows that this is the one spot where he can comfortably hit a straight spike.
Even though his form is falling apart...
He changed to a cross-court spike at the last second!
Damn it... Damn it!
He's so damn cool!
Finish it off, Asahi!
This is our chance to score!
Watch number ten!
He's not running up?
He's slowing down his tempo,
from minus tempo to first tempo,
and then...
blending in.
Shit!
Volleyball is a sport where height is king.
Tall players have a clear advantage.
Perfecting each individual player's skills is one way to win,
and so is finding new ways to fight.
That's exactly why there are so many different attacks and defenses today.
There truly are various ways to win.
The great coach Arie Selinger once said,
"There is no reason to not believe that advancement and revolution will come in the future."
What?! Seriously?!
That's my little brother!
The one with the glasses!
They did it...
They really did it.
Tsukki!
Farewell, my paradise.
Hey, it's time to line up.
I-I can't stand...
Come on, Shouyou!
You can do it!
Thank you very much for the match!
Talk about an upset.
Ushiwaka, you bastard. At least try to look a little sadder!
Thank you very much!
Is Karasuno's number ten about as tall as I am?
Huh? Yes, I believe so.
He'll probably continue to grow, though.
The loftier his goals get,
the more treacherous his path will be.
Sorry, Hinata.
We were trying to get in front of that straight spike, but we didn't make it in time.
Are you okay?
Totally fine!
It's because you gave Ushiwaka little choice where to hit it that he was able to dig it out.
Rather, get his head in the way of it.
Kageyama does good work.
Don't rephrase it!
Did you notice it too, Iwa?
Apparently when Four-eyes came back, he gave them some kind of directions about blocking.
Like getting in front of Ushiwaka's straight spike.
That's why after the serve, Tobio suddenly switched places with Shorty, who was in the path of a cross-court spike.
He had to make up for Nishinoya not being there.
And then he returned the ball at the last moment.
Your student's not bad.
He's not my student!
And on top of all that,
he was able to adjust to Shorty, who wanted to do a different spike than usual.
It's painfully obvious.
Well, all of their good work was only possible
because of the blocks of that first-year with the glasses.
I guess that in the end, Shorty is a spiker you end up wanting to set the ball to.
Keeps Tobio on his toes.
Come on, let's go home.
I'd rather die than see the awards ceremony.
You really are a piece of shit.
Thank you for all of your support!
Thank you very much!
Well done!
Great job, you guys!
I love ya, Ryuu!
Shouyou!
Shou!
Sawamura! Sugawara! Azumane!
Congratulations on winning!
Thank you very much!
Kenjirou, are you all right?
Yes.
I just feel a little dizzy.
I never thought we'd lose.
Well, no one here thought we could lose.
We'll have a meeting when we get back.
Once the awards ceremony is over, get on the bus.
Yes, sir.
And you'll be hitting a hundred serves later.
Great job, you guys!
I'm...
I'm... sho happwy...
Sawamura!
Great job...
Great job with that three-man block at the end!
But even if your thighs split in half, I'm counting on you guys for the mid-air battles.
I was keeping a promise.
Tsukishima!
No matter what anyone says, you're the MVP today!
I'm always the MVP, but I'll let you have that title just for today, Tsukishima.
You're definitely the mental MVP.
Wakatoshi, you got pissed off at the end, didn't you?
Usually, you'd regroup or leave it to someone else in that situation.
I got goosebumps thinking they might actually block it.
I wanted to say to him, "I'm better than you."
Is that childish of me?
Still, I wanted to say it.
Aren't most people's motivations pretty childish?
That was a great straight spike.
It felt like I got to see a new side to you.
I'm gonna quit volleyball after high school,
but I'll be watching you on TV and bragging that we were best buds,
so do your best.
Yeah.
When Passionate People makes a documentary about you,
you totally have my permission to let them interview me as an old comrade.
Okay.
Ushijima was so damn cool.
Hinata Shouyou from the concrete, and Kageyama Tobio.
I'll defeat you next time.
I'll make sure I'm able to stand toe-to-toe with you!
I'll make you say that I'm better than Oikawa!
Tsukki, the awards ceremony is starting.
Is something wrong?
I said I would stop at least a few of his spikes, but I was only able to stop one.
And we played five sets.
Talk about...
lame—
You weren't lame at all!
Are you stupid?!
Stu—
You don't have time to be down in the dumps!
We're going to nationals!
But before that, the awards ceremony!
And now, I present this award to the victors: Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School.
Concluding the Miyagi Prefecture Qualifiers of the National High School Volleyball Tournament,
your team has emerged victorious.
I present this award to commend your performance.
Congratulations!
To praise both teams for their performance,
and to wish the best to Karasuno High School for their upcoming performance
at the National High School Volleyball Tournament in January at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium,
I'd like to ask the audience to give them another large round of applause.
Let's go...
to the spring tournament!
I'm pretty sure I saw my relative's one-year-old do the same thing just the other day.
Tanaka, wake up!
Kiyoko's scolding me...
You guys need to decide if you're going to eat or sleep!
Ukai, I'm... sho happwy!
Sir, your face is a mess.
And that's the eighth time you've said that.
I'm so sorry.
They played like their lives depended on it.
Make sure you guys don't break any plates.
And now, we're the ones who are gonna have it rough.
It's gonna get real busy.
Our volleyball team is going to nationals?
You guys didn't go to the match, did you? It was awesome!
Our boys' volleyball team was a powerhouse to begin with.
Really?
I heard there was a really scary third-year on the team.
There's a second-year that looks like a punk too, isn't there?
Are you really okay, Hinata?
Their manager is so pretty!
Really?!
Where are they holding nationals?
Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium!
That's awesome!
I know, right?
Looks like the idiot's really getting a big head.
Are you going too, Hinata?
Of course!
He's in charge of holding the players' belongings, running errands, and doing their laundry.
So he's an errand boy for the scary people.
I'm going to play in the matches!
Really? Well, good luck.
You don't believe me?!
Hitoka, what are you drawing?
A rough sketch of the volleyball team's poster.
Oh...
Next period's in a different classroom. I'm gonna go ahead.
Got it! I'll be right there.
That sounds rough.
Is that the manager's job too?
Who knows?
But she seemed to be having fun.
The representative teams from Tokyo are about to be decided, right?
Yeah.
I think for Tokyo, four schools advance out of the prelims,
and then those teams play in November to decide the representatives.
I think that Nekoma and Fukurodani both made it.
It's amazing that they're two of the four teams that advanced in Tokyo.
It makes me realize we went to a training camp with some really crazy guys.
We're gonna beat Nekoma!
Right, Kageyama?
That's if they make it through the qualifiers.
Of course they will!
We're gonna play like it's our absolute last shot
at the spring tourney!
Mr. Takeda, you've got a call.
It's on line 2.
Hello, this is Takeda. I hope I didn't keep you long.
Yes.
Oh, yes!
Thank you for calling.
Yes. Yes.
Huh?
What are they doing?
They're measuring the highest point they can hit for the spring tournament pamphlet.
That was 302 cm.
Oh? I guess that's what you do when you're going to nationals.
Next, Kageyama.
Um...
337 cm.
Right now, Kageyama's in the lead.
And there's only one person remaining...
Next, Hinata.
Right!
How high?
How high did he get?!
Just wait!
Um...
333 cm.
Yes!
That's about the same as you, Asahi.
You owe me three curry buns.
Damn it. I'm not gonna lose.
Next, let's compete to see who can get the most blocks!
The loser buys the winner Gungun Yogurt for a week!
You're on!
Is everyone here?
Gather 'round!
Yessir!
Thank you all for your hard work.
This is sudden, but I have some big news.
Kageyama,
you've been asked to attend the All-Japan Youth Training Camp.
All... Japan?!
Youth... Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Ten: A Battle of Concepts
Shiratorizawa                Karasuno
Fly Fly
Shiratorizawa Shiratorizawa Karasuno Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Karasuno                       Shiratorizawa
Closed Closed Sit Tavern Sit Tavern
m 1018.5 439.5 l 1014 303 1330.5 157.5 1341 300
Congratulations on going to the spring volleyball tournament, boys' volleyball team!
Class 1-1
Class 1-5
The Crows Fly to Tokyo
Kozume Kenma Kozume Kenma Re: We won!
Re: We won!
Nice.
Nekoma High School Fukurodani Academy
Fukurodani Academy Nohebi Academy Itachiyama Institute
Foot of the Slope
The Crows Fly to Tokyo Once Again
The Karasuno High School Boys' Volleyball Team will be going to the National High School Volleyball Tournament! We are currently asking for donations. We thank you for your support. Contact: Karasuno High School Boys Volleyball Team Advisor, Takeda
Faculty Office
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu